>> Hello, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> Thank you so much
for taking my question.
And I ask this--
I just have one
question, and I ask it
with humility, and
gratitude, and as a student.
As a human being trying
to connect with a higher
consciousness of
myself, and I think
that I can speak for a lot of
other human beings in this room
that when you--
>> Are there human
beings in the room?
>> Well, spiritual beings
having a human experience.
>> Oh, all right.
That when we are trying to
tune in to our higher self
we can't not become
healers for not just
ourselves but other people.
And my question is, do you have
any wisdom in helping us healers
or Reiki masters, yoga
teachers, psychotherapists,
QHHT practitioners,
yoga instructors,
I mean the whole
9 yards, anything
that can help us make sure we
take better care of ourselves
and not--
because we give so much
for other people that--
>> All right.
Yes.
You don't have to take
so much on your shoulders
because the idea
is any healer never
heals anyone directly ever.
You give off a vibration,
you share a vibration
that represents the healed
state by whatever technique
you prefer.
It is up to the person
requiring the healing
to match the frequency in
order to heal themselves.
You never heal them.
So it's not like you're
really expending energy.
You're just being yourself.
You're saying here's the
vibration that I'm giving off
that is my natural state.
I'm a living example
of that state.
I'm giving off
the frequency that
represents a healed state
potentially for you.
But you have to be responsible
for mirroring that state,
for matching that
vibration within yourself
in order to experience
the healing because,
again, as we said
earlier, whatever
they do with whatever you give
them is none of your business.
So it's only when you
think you must heal them
that it must be your business
to heal other people that it
becomes a burden to
you and wears you down
because you're taking on a
responsibility that isn't yours.
It's their responsibility.
You're not responsible for them.
You're responsible to them
to be yourself and give them
the option to see, in you, the
example of the state that would
allow them to heal themselves.
But the rest of it is
up to them because you
don't know their path.
You don't know what
they're going through.
they need to experience.
And many people may come to you
to prove they cannot be healed.
And therefore, you have given
them exactly what they came for,
no healing whatsoever.
So the idea is it's not up to
you to determine what they need.
It's up to you to
determine, here's
the vibrational option
and opportunity for you
to decide for yourself
whether or not to match it.
And if you do, you may
experience a healing.
But the idea is it's not your
business that they should.
Does that help you?
>> Very much so.
Thank you so much.
>> Does that take the
weight off your shoulders?
>> I have a lot more peace now.
Thank you.
>> Thank you.
This is about responsibility,
the ability to respond.
>> Hello, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> Thank you.
Thank you for this opportunity.
I am translating for my
friend who has come over
to see you from Japan.
>> Yes.
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Good day.
Konnichiwa.
>> Konnichiwa.
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> 2012, in Canada, he has heard
one voice saying he represents
himself as an ET and he told him
that he is going to change his
DNA.
>> All right.
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Now since then, he's
been a spiritual healer.
And his one question for
you is, is ET come over
from somewhere else to the Earth
to become the Earth people,
or we human can become ET
as well, reversible, or even
in the middle way, ET can be
a human or we can become ET?
That's his question.
>> All right.
Well, the idea is that you are
all spirits, spirits of ET,
spirits of human are the
same kind of spirits.
So any kind of spirit can become
any kind of physical being,
can become a human,
can become an ET.
And a human, when they
die, can become spirit
and decide to be anything else.
Is this answering your question?
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Thank you so much.
>> Hello and good day, Bashar.
>> Good day to you.
>> So I think many or most of
us here are in agreement that we
need to expand our consciousness
and we need to raise
the vibration of the planet.
And my one question for you is,
how difficult is that concerning
the current state
of economic affairs,
specifically that it's based
upon a centralized fiat
currency, which keeps us in a
lower state of consciousness,
and a state of survival
and fear based living.
And does a more egalitarian,
decentralized solution
like Bitcoin help humanity
raise our vibration
and raise our consciousness?
>> No.
[LAUGHTER]
It's still an arbitrary
medium of exchange.
And the idea is that it may be a
step in the direction of letting
go of that kind of idea.
But it's not really
something that
will last as we sense the
overall energy of your world.
But the degree of difficulty
is in the difficulty
that you believe it is.
So remember there's
no such thing
as an inherently
difficult situation, only
a belief in difficulty.
And do you remember
what we said earlier,
you never change the
planet you're on.
That planet always remains.
You shift yourself to
another version of Earth
that is different
when you are different
and match that version of Earth.
Do you understand?
>> Yes.
>> So it's not that you have to
change the world you're on, you
have to change yourselves and
wind up on a different version
of Earth.
[APPLAUSE]
Now do you think that
might be difficult?
>> Yes.
>> Remember this, just
because-- for now,
just because you can see people
making choices that may be
vibrationally incompatible with
what you prefer doesn't mean
you're in the same reality
because now is the time
of choosing.
It's like there are glass walls
between the different realities.
You can see what's
on the other side.
You can see people
making choices
that are not vibrationally
compatible with you
and the world that you prefer.
But that doesn't mean
that they're affecting you
because what they're doing
can't penetrate the glass wall.
It just gives you an
opportunity to see it
so that, if you agree
with it, you can choose it
just like it gives them an
opportunity to see you so,
if they agree with you, they
can choose the way you're
doing things as well.
But eventually,
this splitting prism
of all these different
reality choices
will eventually
become so isolated
that you will only eventually,
in the years to come,
experience people that
are basically compatible
vibrationally with the
path that you have chosen.
And you will no longer
see the other ones.
But for now, you
can still see it all
because you're getting
it all out on the table
to give you all
the choices so you
can decide what kind of
a world you would really
like to shift to.
That's why we call this
the time of transformation,
the time of choice,
the time of change.
You now have all
the opportunities
to decide what vibration
you wish to lock on to.
Metaphorically speaking,
which train you
would like to board as it leaves
the station because they're
going in different directions.
And eventually, the tracks
will be so far apart,
you will find it a challenge
to go from one train
to another, if you don't choose
while the trains are still
in the station.
Does that help you?
>> Thank you, Bashar.
>> You are welcome.
So all aboard.
>> Hi, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> Nice to meet you.
>> And you as well.
>> So I have one question.
>> Yes.
>> So I understand matching a
vibrational frequency that I
prefer and then I
get that reality.
I've experienced
that many times.
>> Yes.
>> My struggle--
>> Your challenge.
>> My challenge is that
I'll do it, get the reality,
and then I'll lose--
seemingly lose the reality.
And I have to-- it's
like a cycle that
happens over and over again.
So I lose my manifestation.
>> All right.
Well, what do you believe
would happen if it stayed?
>> Sometimes I can't
fathom it staying.
It's like I'm--
>> There you go.
Then there you go.
Why can't you fathom it staying?
>> That's a good question.
>> Well.
Thank you, sometimes
we ask them.
Do you have a good answer?
Why can't you fathom it staying?
Are you afraid that
something is going
to happen that you won't
prefer if it stays?
>> Maybe I'm not
used to consistency.
I'm not used to long term--
like, maybe there's a belief
that, oh, yeah, it can't stay.
That's just too
good to be true or--
>> Are there things that
are too good to be true?
>> I, from the absolute point
of view, don't believe that.
But there's something
locally here, 3D wise,
that makes me
believe that about--
>> And what is it that
makes you believe that.
Because, again, remember you
don't hold on to any belief
that you don't think serves you.
So how does it serve you to not
have these things maintained?
>> Maybe I am afraid of
maintaining things that I prefer
because I'm afraid of--
>> Are you afraid that
people will reject you,
find you too foreign,
too alien, too different,
can't relate to you anymore?
Are you afraid you
will lose your friends?
Are you afraid you will
become bored with it?
What are you afraid of?
>> I'm afraid maybe that, if
something stays long term that I
prefer--
>> Yes.
>> I reach a goal and it
actually is consistent,
I'm afraid that if I lose
it later down the line,
it hurts even more.
>> Ah.
>> It's like maybe
long term is, like,
scary because it feels like--
>> Well, as you said.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm going to get used to it.
I'm going to get
comfortable with it.
>> Right.
>> And then suddenly
it'll be gone,
and I will feel
disappointed and bereft.
>> Right.
So the disappointment of
losing it short term is less.
Maybe that's why.
>> All right.
So you are saving yourself the
disappointment in the long run.
>> Yes.
>> So that you can disappoint
yourself in the short run.
>> Yes.
>> All right.
Well, let me ask this question
based on a slight alteration
of the word in your language.
>> Yes.
>> Why are you disappointing
yourself from the position
of power?
>> That's another
great question.
>> Thank you.
>> You ask great questions.
We are happy to do so.
>> Yeah.
I feel like I am--
are you saying that I'm
rejecting my own power.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> You are removing yourself
from the driver's seat.
You are dis-appointing yourself.
Appoint yourself, and
stay in the driver's seat.
Why must something-- why
must something go away.
And if it does, wouldn't
there be a reason
for that would still serve you?
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
You see, again, this is one of
the principles of the formula.
You stay in a positive
state no matter
what manifests in order to get
the benefit from it because even
if something manifests
that you neutrally,
objectively, don't
prefer, in other words,
you simply recognize
it's not vibrationally
compatible with what you prefer,
it's still there for a reason.
And if you stay in
a positive state,
you'll be able to
get a benefit out
of why it's there
instead of simply
reacting negatively and
continuing to perpetuate
the negative energy.
So the idea is that, even on
the simplest possible level,
if for no other reason,
seeing something
manifest that you don't
prefer makes it much clearer
by contrast what you do prefer.
And isn't that a positive way,
to use what you don't prefer?
>> Yes.
>> And therefore, when
you do it that way,
then what you don't prefer will
go away because you've used it
to a positive effect.
It doesn't have a
reason to hang around.
You've used it up by
staying in a positive state.
>> Yes.
>> Getting a benefit out of it.
So why does it
really matter what
happens if you know that
no matter what happens,
you can get a positive benefit
from it because it's not
about what happens,
it's about what
you do with what
happens that makes
the difference in your reality.
>> Yes.
>> Anything can happen and you
can make something positive out
of it.
Now I'm not saying
that you think
negative things are positive.
You can still observe
the difference
between positive and negative.
But I'm simply saying that, by
staying in a positive state,
knowing that it's there for
a reason that could serve you
if you stay in a
positive state, you'll
be able to discern what that
reason is and get a benefit
and learn a lesson from it
that will help you further down
the road.
Remember you cannot perceive
what you're not the vibration
of.
So if you go into
a negative state,
you won't be able to perceive
all the positive things that you
could get out of what
manifested because you're not
staying in a positive state.
>> Right.
>> That's one of the
principles of the formula.
And this is what we mean by
you have to follow it precisely
so it will work
to your advantage.
Is this helping you?
>> Yes.
>> Are you sure?
>> For sure.
Yes.
>> All right.
>> Thank you.
>> You are welcome.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hello, Bashar.
>> Good day.
>> I'm very old.
And--
>> You are what?
>> I'm very old.
>> You're very old?
>> Yes.
>> How old are you?
>> Many lifetimes old.
>> Oh, you're talking about
the idea of being an old soul.
>> Yes.
>> All right.
Well, you understand an old
soul is simply a soul that's
experienced in a certain way.
All souls are the same age.
Do you understand that?
>> No.
>> All souls are eternal.
All souls have always existed.
There is no beginning,
there is no ending.
It's outside of time.
When somebody talks about the
idea of being an old soul,
they're talking about
having a lot of experiences
in one particular realm, one
particular kind of experience,
like, maybe experiencing
many different incarnations
just on Earth as
opposed to someone
who might be experiencing their
first incarnation on Earth.
So the one with a
lot of experience
would be considered
an older soul
to the one with less experience.
But as an actual soul, all souls
are exactly the same, timeless.
Does that make sense?
>> Yes.
>> So you're talking about
an amount of experience
in a certain context when you
call yourself an old soul.
>> So in those higher souls,
does each higher soul have
a higher self here?
>> What are you referring
to as a higher soul?
Because sometimes the
terminology on your planet
can be a little confusing.
>> For example, in
this lifetime here.
>> Yes.
>> I have a higher self now.
>> You have a higher mind, yes.
>> Yes.
But there's other
mes from the other--
>> They each have
their own higher mind
if they're an incarnation.
>> Right?
So do they also
have a higher self?
>> Yes.
I just said so.
All incarnations have
their own higher self.
A soul, in a sense, when it's
going to have an incarnation,
retains a part of itself
in non-physical reality
and projects a part
of its consciousness
into the idea of the
physical reality experience
so that the
non-physical part acts
as a guide for
the physical part.
So every incarnation has a soul
that is the higher mind part.
Now above and
beyond that is what
we refer to as the oversoul.
Do you understand that concept?
>> Yes.
So when I communicate with the
higher soul and the oversouls--
>> Yes.
>> That's possible?
Of course.
>> OK.
>> Does that make sense?
>> Yes.
Thank you.
>> You're welcome.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hi, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> So you've referred to
2023 as a year of breakups
and shake-ups.
>> Yes.
>> And I was wondering if you
had a 2024-2025 themes that you
can share with us
and tell us how--
>> Integration.
Integration and ascension.
>> Is that for 2024 or is that--
>> Integration, 2024.
2025, ascension.
So that, again, it's
all about the idea
of de-compartmentalizing
yourself, getting
in touch with all
of those things
and integrating them
within your being,
not being afraid to do so,
acting as a more holistic being.
And then raising
your vibration, 2025,
to be more vibrationally
compatible with the idea
of going into open contact.
>> Thank you.
>> Yes.
>> You've talked about the
element of water being important
on Earth and an important
part of our spiritual process.
>> Yes.
It's the physical
translation of the transfer
of energy in very
specific ways that
allow you to maintain vitality
in your physical experience.
Obviously, you are
mostly made of water.
>> Are there any ways that
humans on Earth transmute
and work with water that's
different or unique from
the rest of the galaxy?
>> Yes.
Of course.
Because you are unique from
the rest of the galaxy.
Just like any other being
is unique from the rest
of the galaxy, and the
universe, and the multiverse.
So you have your own
ways of understanding
that based on your
physical experience.
But primarily, it's all
about, in your reality,
the idea of oxygen.
It's the idea
of breathing, deep breathing,
deep oxygenation of the system.
Remember that most of
your reality is polluted.
Most of your cells
have toxins in them.
So it's the idea of
purging those toxins
and infusing the system
with more oxygenation
so that nutrients can be held
into the cellular structure
and heal just about anything.
You're going to find
the vibration of oxygen
itself is going to be the key to
many future medical applications
on your planet.
The vibrational
frequency of oxygen,
not the oxygen necessarily
but the vibrational frequency
of oxygen is the key.
>> It's the Hertz of oxygen.
>> Yes.
>> What's the frequency of it?
>> You'll find out.
>> OK.
Thank you.
My last question is, in
regards to sanctuaries
for hybrid children--
>> Yes.
>> What are the key
characteristics that people that
would like to develop them
keep in mind when putting them
together?
Is there a certain size
that's appropriate?
Is there certain types
of characteristics
that are appropriate?
>> Something in nature,
remote from the cities so that
the hybrid children
can relate to nature,
which is the way that
they usually operate,
something that is a protected
sanctuary that allows hybrid
and human interaction to take
place in controlled situations
so that you can get
used to each other,
so that you can learn from each
other in a relatively simple,
safe environment.
So it's going to be important
for those communities
to be relatively small,
probably not more than about
300 individuals on average.
>> I love you, Bashar.
Thank you very much.
>> Our unconditional
love to you as well.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hello, Bashar.
>> And to you, good day.
>> It is such a
pleasure to meet you.
>> And you as well.
>> I'm absolutely honored.
OK, so I have a few questions.
>> We will see how
many you get through.
>> OK.
>> OK, I'll try to be quick.
So my mother told me she
had a near-death experience,
she left her body and came
back at the age of 22.
>> Yes.
>> And I had an experience where
I left my body and came back
at the age of 22 as well.
I was wondering what the
connection of that is.
>> Well, it travels
in family lines.
And you thought that
it would be a good way
to have your own experience
based on something you'd
been told had already happened.
So it made it easier for you
to transition at that time
because you believed
it was easier
to do it because of what
she had already done.
>> Wow.
That's very interesting.
>> Like mother, like daughter.
>> Yeah.
And also--
>> One moment.
One moment.
>> OK.
>> Vibrationally, the
double numbers are usually
representative of vibrational
gates that open up opportunities
for you.
So synchronistically, the 22
made it energetically easier
for you to penetrate
that barrier,
penetrate the physical
to non-physical veil that
exists in your belief systems.
So gates, in that
sense, as today,
in your terms 11-11
is a type of gate.
And by the way,
obviously, adds up to 22.
>> Wow.
>> That makes so much sense.
>> Yeah.
So especially with
the experience
I had, leaving my body
and going back to source
and feeling that unconditional
love and wholeness
with everything--
>> Yes.
Do you still feel it?
>> I do.
I think about it and I feel it.
>> All right.
>> I feel connected to it.
>> That's exactly how it works.
That's the trick.
Again, remember this before you
go on, you cannot experience
what you're not the
vibration of already.
So here's the trick.
Anytime you can
remember a situation
where you were in a very high
vibration, feeling wonderful,
you actually have to
be in that vibration
in order to even
have the memory.
That's the trick.
You can't even remember
having been there
if you're not actually
in the frequency.
Even though it may feel
different because you're now
a different person and
translating that vibration
differently than
before doesn't mean
you're not in that frequency.
So the very fact
that you can remember
having been in that state
means you're in that state
again, in order to
have the memory.
That's the trick.
>> Wow.
It looks like you just answered
one of my other questions I
wanted to ask was because--
>> How synchronous of me.
>> Right.
Yes.
I've been struggling with my
memory for a long time too.
And I've been wondering how to--
>> Struggling with your memory?
>> Trying to remember
the things from the past.
>> Why?
>> The past years.
Memory is created in the moment.
>> Yeah.
>> You don't actually
have memories of the past.
You have memories
that you create
in the moment that
serve you that you're
calling memories of the past.
But remember, every time you
become a different person,
you change the past.
Do you all understand
that concept?
>> Wow.
That's--
>> Because the idea is,
from a linear perspective,
let's look at it this way,
if you truly have become
a different person,
linearly speaking,
you have to make sense of why
you're a different person.
So you have to have had
a different past that
makes sense for you to have
become the different person
you are now.
So being a different
person in the present
means you're actually
changing your past.
And anything you choose to
quote-unquote "remember"
of the past is something you're
creating now that you believe
you need to create now to help
you be whoever it is you need
to be to learn whatever
lessons you need to learn.
But you're creating that
memory in the present
because there's no
such thing as the past.
>> Wow.
That is fascinating.
And thank you so much.
>> Yes.
>> God knows, I was trying
to remember something else.
And I don't remember it.
>> That may be a good sign.
>> Probably.
>> OK.
So this was--
>> And by the way, in our
society, we have no memory,
none whatsoever.
We just know that
we will know what
we need to know when
we need to know it.
[APPLAUSE]
Not a second before
we need to know it,
not a second later than
we need to know it.
So we don't actually
rely on memory at all.
We rely on knowingness.
>> OK.
>> Does that help you?
>> Yes.
Thank you so much.
>> All right.
Can I have one more
quick question?
>> Yes.
>> So I'm single, and I'm
looking to expand my options.
>> Yes.
You are a single being.
>> Is that what you meant?
>> I was wondering if you could
play matchmaker and pair me up
with a date with an alien.
[LAUGHTER]
>> When you believe that you
are the person you need to be,
then you will be able to attract
anyone else to reflect that
to you.
>> OK.
Thank you so much.
>> Bashar.
On behalf of the community,
and again, the world,
thank you for your
contribution to humanity.
Thank you so much.
We Earthlings thank you.
>> We thank you for your
contributions to humanity.
That's what makes
all the difference.
We do what we do because this is
representative of our passion.
It is up to you to decide
to apply it or not.
It is in your hands.
And we thank you
for the co-creation.
We thank you for the
paths you choose to walk
in the spiritual direction.
We thank you for choosing
to be yourselves.
That's what makes all the
difference in your world.
Our unconditional
love to you all.
encouragement to you all.
Aveo.
>> Aveo.
[MUSIC PLAYING]